You can go back first and wait for my notice.
Speak up
I was thinking
What kind of medicine is sold in this Yunyao gourd?
He doesn't want a divorce, does he?
Tell me about it.
Although this divorce was initiated by him
But I feel like he's just angry and wants you to coax him
Otherwise, why is he doing it again and again?
Let lawyer Li dove
Still not answering the phone
In fact, Yunyao is quite pitiful
I have been widowed for three years for you
As for the man on the phone that night
Maybe it's a misunderstanding
Besides, you and Lucy are not leaving
Are you all right?
Did the doctor let you go?
What to go
I didn't take this.
Hey
What did I just tell you?
Take smaller steps.
And don't be so rude in the future
Be moderate
His wounds are infected
He was overtired this time.
Frightened again
That's why you get dizzy
Go back and have a good rest.
Can I listen to this?
Remember to give him medicine twice a day
Be gentle
Ah!